to a line that's dropping Hamas saying
it intends to suspend
negotiations unless food is brought into
Northern Gaza well let's bring in osam
hamdan he's senior spokesperson of Hamas
joins us on the phone line from Beirut
can you confirm that is Hamas now
decided it will withdraw from talks
unless food Aid is brought into Northern
Gaza well I don't know what do you mean
by The Source because uh in a few hours
ago there was a statement by Mr Han the
head of Hamas movement when he expressed
clearly uh the positive position from
Hamas towards the negotiations and our
willing to achieve an
enagement to uh to to to have a
ceasefire a complete ceasefire and to
introduce a full support for our
Palestinian people that was the
statement by Mr Han so I don't know what
is the meaning of some sources from
Hamas are saying that so from your
understanding uh Hamas is
still uh in the talks are talks ongoing
right
now uh according directly to what SM
have said we have reacted in a very
positive and resp responsible way with
the brothers mediators the C and the
Egyptians in order to stop the Israeli
attack against the
Palestinians and to leave to lift The
Siege on Gazza and to talk about the the
the Brisas exchange that was the
statement from brother is H and he said
also we will do our best in order to
stop the Bloodshed and the uh ethnic
cleansing against the Palestinian which
is coming going on in Gaza that was the
statement of
brother so according to that we have a
clear position from Hamas and I think
this is the position which is still
now from hamas's perspective what has to
happen in order for there to be uh an
end to this war and a permanent ceas
five deal what do you want in other
words well yeah yeah what exactly this
is the good question what we what we
exactly want it's clear that we want uh
a clear ceas fire a complete fire that
includes stopping the Israeli attacks
and against Gaza and a complete
withdrawal from Gazza strip second we we
we want a reconstruction of Gazza as an
international
responsibility the thir to send to open
the doors for bringing up all the needed
AIDS uh for the
Palestinians and also we want to talk
about the exchange of the prisoners but
it's not the main issue as the Israelis
are seeking to do uh it's clear that the
Palestinians are suffering from uh the
Israeli attack they are suffering from
Hunger we are talking about real hunger
situation in northern part of GZA and we
insist that this is must to be ended so
this is our position and this is what we
are seeking to have according to those
negotiations which we are dealing in a
positive way with it and in your
understanding what is the point of
disagreement what is holding up an
agreement the main point of disagreement
is Netanyahu and his games he's still
playing games he's trying not to have
any arrangements or agreements
that is clear not because he is not
accepting Hamas position but also he
wants to uh uh not he didn't accept even
barish paper which
was agreed on by even the Israelis
themselves their response to this
suggestion was negative did you receive
ium did you receive a counter proposal
from the Israelis after Hamas submitted
as we understand from media reports
Hamas submitted a proposal did you
receive a counter
proposal unfortunately there was no
counter proposal they have comments on
Paris B and it wasn't a counter proposal
it it shows clearly that they they are
not dealing in a positive way with Paris
paper which they have agreed on any
initially uh and we have we have warned
everyone that Netanyahu is still playing
the game to gain more time while he is
killing more Palestinians without any
concern about
the future of the host the the the world
prison in GDA without having
any even attention to what may happen
while he's bombing GZA knowing that some
of those War prisoners were killed by
the Israeli
bombardment let me ask you this question
what we've heard from at least from
statements by the US officials who have
been talking about more of a pause
rather than an end to the war is that
something that Hamas would be willing to
consider a deal in which there is a
temporary pause to fighting and a
release or exchange of prisoners and
captives what this this this uh this
position of the United States it shows
that they are still covering the
position of the
Israelis they have welcomed through the
Diplomatic channels they have welcomed
our paper and then they start talking
about abos it means that they are still
supporting
nyaho uh ethnic cleansing against the
Palestinians and they are Partners in
that if they did not do their best to
make it end
so Americans about the bu it's a
partnership it's a partnership with this
with the Israelis all right thank you
very much
hamand let's go back to